shut cho 40 piece chicken nugget eating ass self you fat ass nigga you built like a blimp thats aired in the sky
you ugly ass nigga you about two faced as fuck nigga thats why yo grandma built like popeyes nigga yo ass got a double
chin at the back of yo neck thats stacked like pringles you dumb ass nigga.

you had a whole chicken coup built on the sides of yo stomach you fat ass nigga you had jelly rolls on the sides and back
yo ass be puttin on pants and yo ass be outta breath with yo fat ass nigga. you built like a box truck from china ugly
ass nigga. built like some niggas from my 600 pound life die hard ass nigga. yo grandma believed in god when she saw bright
lights in the living room you funky ass nigga.

you was a baseball player when you was little when yo daddy started hittin his balls at chu you gay ass nigga. yo moms
had a stroke when she was making lasagna because she thought she was overcookin the jews you faggot ass nigga.

nigga yo momma spent her dignity tryna find the last megaladon you faggot ass nigga. you spent the last brain cell tryna
cure cancer you fat ass nigga you had barney as a friend when you was gettin touched you gay ass nigga. you support gay pride
with a passion you fruity pebble ass nigga you simp 24/7 for a girl who wear black vans at school and thinks you a lgb
pride member you faggot ass nigga. yo forehead built like a football field nigga i could play the whole playoff seasons
on that bitch nigga shut cho faggot ass up nigga.

you hadda stand up onna stool just to take mirror pictures you short ass nigga you built like a smurf from 1998 you blueberry
ass nigga. you about ugly as shit you had elmo as a friend thats why you was starring on sesame street you ugly ass nigga.
you about die hard as shit you tried on day-Z cuz you thought you was preparing for a zombie apocalypse you ugly ass nigga.
bitch ass nigga you built like a footlong from subway long and fat as shit at the same time nigga you about gay as shit.

you had yo moma get on the phone to fight yo middle school bullies in 7th grade you lonley ass nigga you about dumb as shit
tryna spill yo moma hot beans cuz you thought you was being snaked by yo gay ass fruity friends nigga. you buit like a anorexic
cow nigga you ugly as shit skinny ass nigga you built like chinas wu-hong station nigga skinny ass nigga you eat like a 
tumor consuming a brain you hungry hippo ass nigga you about gay as shit boy.

yo school pictures came out blurry because you flashed the camera instead of the camera flashing you, you ugly ass nigga
you built like the 3 stooges stacked ontop of each other you fat ass nigga.

Tai Lung's Pack bible

Dumb ass nigga shut the fuck up nigga i caught you sucking a tape worm out of your moms ass like a fucking Nijhuis-HP1-4000
nigga you built like a whole ass school bus and the airbags nigga you built like the back side of a fucking ballsack
nigga you built like a fucking taiwanese transgender porn star if they had down syndrome an parkensons disease
nigga your torso looks like a popped arm floating bitch ass nigga looking like big chungus with a fungus infection
nigga you are built like the obese version of the marshmellow from ghostbusters nigga you pumpt up like a gay barista
serving a homeless stripper and hes african dog 


nigga your mom is a fucking african school teacher she fucking doing drugs instead of teaching the birds and the bees in the back of chucky
cheese i feel like you should wobble your ass down to walmart and get yourself some birdsbeets cuz your lips r lucking more dryer 
than prince philips ballsack if they were swinging the mohavy your sad exscuse for a face looks like a dusty toilet seat

nigga i caught u tryna bust a lip into a kid nigga when u blazing it sounds like a malnurished african child with asthma trying to blow up
a bouncy house but died halflway 

dumb ass nigga you wendy double kiddy titties got me in trouble crummy nipples everytime i walk i got my boobies they dribbelin looking
ass motha fucker

nigga tell me why yo nipples act like 2 repelling magnets that are trying to escape away from each other it almost looks like
2 tunnel rats that got assigned the same hole when they came in contact they mistake eachother for vietcong soldiers
so they started running the other way well slap my titty in new york city theres another folk in yolkin smoking over there


nigga you look like u wearing a bed sheet to work nigga shit looks like a fucking flashmob from vietnam
nigga yo let titty look like a moldy ass 7 incher that youd find att subway if it got dipped in earn ashes 
and yo right juggle nuggle looks like rodger the alian if he had a brian tumer shit looks like somebody trying to curb stomp
a chepotle burrito nigga you nipple look like a watery pancake  nigga yo right tit looks like a upside down ove ((insta thud))

Nigga you parents job is doing food reviews infront of homeless shelters nigga you have a ass crack in the back and in the front
shit looks like a deflated bouncy house out of the 2nd world war 

nigga yo belly look like a stingray that got a lip infectious lip injection looks like a swelled up general grievous those titties look like
rango if he had down syndrome